make "Supported AWS Regions" section generic by default (#162)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-documentation-base-common: planning_deployment.lang.adoc

include::../../../{generateddir}/services/metadata.adoc[]

ifndef::disable_regions[]
==== Supported AWS Regions

ifndef::custom_supported_regions[]
include::../{includedir}/regions_default.adoc[]
endif::custom_supported_regions[]

ifdef::custom_supported_regions[]

> // Set the custom_supported_regions variable in _settings.adoc to include the content from regions.adoc in the "Supported AWS Regions" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// If the "Supported AWS Regions" section requires custom content (in partner-editable/regions.adoc) instead of the boilerplate content (in regions_default.adoc), uncomment the custom_supported_regions variable in _settings.adoc.
```

> // We can also pull in Regions automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion=
```

> // We can also pull in Regions automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

==== Supported AWS Regions

ifndef::custom_supported_regions[]
include::../{includedir}/regions.adoc[]
endif::custom_supported_regions[]

ifdef::custom_supported_regions[]

> // Set custom_supported_regions variable in settings.adoc to enable the regions section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Set the custom_supported_regions variable in _settings.adoc to include the content from regions.adoc in the "Supported AWS Regions" section.
```
